multiERP-Apps
=============

A Module Market-like application for Tryton and OpenERP, inspired in OpenERP
Apps (http://apps.openerp.com), the Wordpress Plugin Directory
(http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins) and Django Packages
(http://www.djangopackages.com).
It also take some inspiration from Launchpad (series, branches, karma... and
the Debian Packages organization (repositories, mantainer figure...).

It's not the project of a site. It's an application that you can deploy to
create your own Modules Directory.


Quick Overview
--------------

This project is to develop a web application that allows users to **explore the
modules available** for different versions of OpenERP and Tryton.

The system complements the metadata files tryton\_\_.py __ and
__ openerp\_\_.py with extra data generated by itself, complemented by the
module mantainer or generated by users themselves from social tools. This extra
information, as well as enriching the information module, generates new ways to
explore the modules (by popularity, compatibility ...) and aims to further
(make visible) the authors for their work.

The system supports branches (different versions of the same code) for server
and modules. A branch is associated with Version Control System (VCS), project
management system (github, bitbucket...), it has releases files (.egg, .zip,
...) and/or documentation URL.

Users can add **compatibility information** between modules and server branches
and between branches of a module and its dependencies. 

The system makes it easy **to get (to deploy) the whole code of server and
modules** (all of them or a selection), selecting branches prioritizing
different criteria: official, recommended, maximum, compatibility,
popularity... 

To operate the system and exploit all the features, in addition to the web
interface the system will offer an API and command line client. 

The entire project is free software. Released under the TODECIDE_LICENSE_
license.

.. _todecide_license:

TODECIDE_LICENSE:
  * **LGPL3**
  * GPL3
  * ...


Contribute!
-----------

This project is currently in **specification** stage and is **open to your
contribution**.

**Send me your comments** about project and specification into my e-mail
(guillem@nan-tic.com), my Twitter (`@wallas85 <https://twitter.com/wallas85>`_)
or in the `Wiki page <https://github.com/gbarba/multierp-apps/wiki>`_ of this
project.

You could find the working documents in **doc** directory:

* `FeaturesAndRequirements.rst <doc/FeaturesAndRequirements.rst>`_:
  Specification of the Features and Requirements of the system from a User
  prespective.
* (Comming soon) *UserCases.rst*


